SEO fixes for docs (#197)
JovianML/jovian-py: docs/callbacks/fastai.md

## Fastai Callback

```eval_rst
.. meta::

>    :description: Track hyperparameters, metrics with fastai callback by Jovian

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Track hyper-parameters and metrics with Fastai callback by Jovian.
```
